Once upon a time, there was a poor woodcutter who had two children, Hansel and Gretel. One day, when there was no more food to eat, the woodcutter's wife persuaded him to take the children into the forest and leave them there.

The woodcutter felt very sorry for his children, but he had no choice. He led them deep into the forest and left them there.

Hansel had overheard his parents talking and had gathered some white pebbles along the way. He left a trail of pebbles so that he and Gretel could find their way back home.

But when they tried to find their way back, the birds had eaten all of the pebbles. Hansel and Gretel were lost.

They wandered through the forest for days, until they came to a house made of gingerbread, cake, and candy. Hansel and Gretel were very hungry, so they began to eat the house.

An old witch lived in the house. She was very cunning and wanted to eat Hansel and Gretel. She invited them inside and gave them plenty of food and drink.

Then she put Hansel in a cage and locked him up. She told Gretel to fatten Hansel up so that she could eat him.

Gretel had to cook for Hansel and give him the best food to eat. But every day, the witch would come to the cage and ask Hansel to stick out his finger so that she could see if he was fat enough to eat.

Hansel was very clever. He stuck out a chicken bone instead of his finger. The witch was fooled and thought that Hansel was not yet fat enough to eat.

One day, the witch grew impatient. She told Gretel to heat the oven so that she could roast Hansel. Gretel pretended to obey, but she secretly filled the oven with hot coals.

When the oven was ready, the witch told Gretel to get inside and see if it was hot enough. Gretel got inside and then quickly shut the door behind her.

The witch was furious. She tried to open the oven door, but it was locked. She burned to death in the oven.

Hansel and Gretel were free. They found the witch's treasure and took it home to their father.

The woodcutter and his children were very happy to be together again. They were rich now, and they never had to worry about being hungry again.

Hansel and Gretel learned a valuable lesson that day. They learned to be clever and resourceful, and they learned that good always triumphs over evil.