Once upon a time, there was a poor miller who had a beautiful daughter. One day, the miller was boasting to the king about his daughter's skills, saying that she could spin straw into gold. The king was intrigued and summoned the miller's daughter to his castle.

The king locked the miller's daughter in a room full of straw and commanded her to spin it all into gold by the next morning. The miller's daughter was terrified. She didn't know how to spin straw into gold. She began to cry.

Suddenly, a little imp appeared before the miller's daughter. He offered to spin the straw into gold for her, but in return, she would have to give him her firstborn child. The miller's daughter was desperate, so she agreed.

The little imp spun the straw into gold overnight. The next morning, the king was amazed to see the room full of gold. He locked the miller's daughter in another room full of straw and commanded her to spin it all into gold by the next morning.

Again, the little imp appeared before the miller's daughter and offered to spin the straw into gold for her, but in return, she would have to give him her secondborn child. The miller's daughter was even more desperate now, so she agreed.

The next morning, the king was amazed to see the second room full of gold. He married the miller's daughter and they had two children. The miller's daughter never forgot her deal with the little imp.

One day, the queen was sitting in her room with her newborn baby. The little imp appeared before her and demanded her baby in payment for his services. The queen was terrified. She begged the little imp to spare her baby.

The little imp agreed to spare the queen's baby on one condition: the queen had to guess his name within three days. If she couldn't guess his name, he would take her baby away.

The queen racked her brain trying to think of the little imp's name. She asked all of her servants and courtiers, but no one knew. On the third and final day, the queen was sitting in her room, despairing, when she heard a little voice singing outside her window:

"Little Rumpelstiltskin, little Rumpelstiltskin,
Here I sit and spin,
My daughter shall I give to thee,
To keep thee from thy sin."

The queen knew that this must be the little imp's name. She rushed to the window and shouted, "Is your name Rumpelstiltskin?"

The little imp was furious. He stamped his foot and disappeared in a puff of smoke. The queen and her baby were saved.

The queen never saw Rumpelstiltskin again. She lived happily ever after with her husband and children.